Good, good, three spicy.
I, Lao Huaxia, introduce, celebrating male books,
Subject to yours. Others don’t know how to strengthen themselves.
Be suspicious immediately. I want to meet this little friend outside the clan.
Three, I'm left alone. director,
Our number of online users has exceeded 10 million.
When I go to purple, I will really collapse.
No! The host who delivers takeout bags,
We may have such a high ability to clean up.
There are over a thousand people online.
Being a host for the first time has tens of millions of responsibilities.
Isn't he just a food delivery guy?
It's impossible for my income and expenditure rate to be so high
um um um ok
The station manager called
Because our revenue and expenditure ratio is good but not bad
And he will drive it to us alone and lose it.
It’s only in the top three of all TV channels.
The director just called me
Thank you to you and the actors for hosting
Wear it again, luckily, unfortunately